Added docs on how to access neurons created with quill using the NNS … (#3426)
dfinity/portal: docs/developer-docs/daos/nns/using-the-nns-dapp/nns-dapp-manage-quill-neurons.mdx

# Accessing Neurons Created with Quill using the NNS Dapp and Ledger

<MarkdownChipRow labels={["Intermediate", "Governance", "Tutorial"]} />

<iframe width="560" height="315" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/lKbYUmqF7J4?si=jIvx5rEza7BnMchE" title="YouTube video player" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture; web-share" referrerpolicy="strict-origin-when-cross-origin" allowfullscreen></iframe>

## Overview
You may have neurons controlled by a principal ID that was created using [quill](../../../../../../docs/current/developer-docs/developer-tools/cli-tools/quill-cli-reference/quill-parent). In this case, it may be inconvenient to manage your neurons through the terminal. If you know the seed phrase of this principal ID, you can use a Ledger hardware wallet to manage your neurons through the [NNS dapp](/https://nns.ic0.app/).

## How to access neurons controlled by a principal ID created with quill

- **Step 1**: Unlock your Ledger device and navigate to **Settings Manage device** > **Security** > **Reset device**

![NNS Dapp Ledger 1](../../_attachments/ledger-1.webp)

> - **Step 2**: Type in your PIN to reset your Ledger device.

Reviewer: Why do you need to reset? Should this maybe come with a big warning that you should only do this if you don't user this ledger for anything else?

Author: You need the Ledger device to use the same seed phrase that your principal ID has that was created with quill. As far as I understand your Ledger can only have one private key. Great point about the warning though!

> - **Step 3**: After your Ledger device has been successfully reset, navigate to **Restore from Recovery phase**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Step 3**: After your Ledger device has been successfully reset, navigate to **Restore from Recovery phrase**.
```

![NNS Dapp Ledger 2](../../_attachments/ledger-2.webp)

- **Step 4**: Select the number of words in your seed phrase, and enter the seed phrase of the principal ID that controls the neurons you would like to access.

![NNS Dapp Ledger 3](../../_attachments/ledger-3.webp)

- **Step 5**: Install the **Internet Computer** app on your Ledger device.

![NNS Dapp Ledger 4](../../_attachments/ledger-4.webp)

- **Step 6**: Go to the [NNS dapp](https://nns.ic0.app/) and Sign in with **Internet Identity**.

- **Step 7**: Go to **Tokens** > **Internet Computer** > **+ Add Account** and select **New Account (Hardware Wallet)**.

![NNS Dapp Ledger 5](../../_attachments/ledger-5.webp)

- **Step 8**: While your Ledger device is connected to your computer, select your device from the popup to connect.

![NNS Dapp Ledger 6](../../_attachments/ledger-6.webp)

- **Step 9**: You can verify the principal ID and account ID, then click **Create**.

![NNS Dapp Ledger 7](../../_attachments/ledger-7.webp)

- **Step 10**: Select the ICP account you just created

- **Step 11**: Click **Show Neurons** and approve the transaction on your Ledger device

![NNS Dapp Ledger 8](../../_attachments/ledger-8.webp)

> - **Step 12**: Clicking Add to NNS Dapp will add your NNS Dapp principal ID as a hotkey to the neurons. This allows you to see and manage your neurons using the NNS Dapp. For all actions outside of voting and changing following, you will need to use your Ledger device to approve transactions

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Step 12**: Click Add to NNS Dapp to add your NNS Dapp principal ID as a hotkey to the neurons. This allows you to see and manage your neurons using the NNS Dapp. For all actions outside of voting and changing following, you will need to have your Ledger device connected and approve the action.
```

(would also write as "do this")
